README.md, before:

## comfyui-gpt-image

`comfyui-gpt-image` ports the official ComfyUI GPT-API node, adding support for customizable `api_base`, `auth_token`, and `model` settings.

### Features
- 🎸 Support config auth_token, base_url in ComfyUI Settings(^1.2.0),
- 🎸 Configure custom API endpoints (`api_base`)
- 🎸 Support for authentication tokens (`auth_token`)
- 🎸 Easily specify different GPT models (`model`)
- 🎸 Seamless integration with ComfyUI
- ✨ Includes a prompt-driven wizard node that generates complete ComfyUI
  workflows using the OpenAI API
- 💬 New chat-based prompt generator node for crafting detailed prompts
  before sending them to GPT Image

### Requirements

- Python 3.10+
- ComfyUI (latest version recommended)

### Installation

Clone the repository into ComfyUI's custom_nodes directory:

```bash
cd ComfyUI/custom_nodes

git clone https://github.com/lceric/comfyui-gpt-image
```

Install the required Python dependencies:

```bash
cd comfyui-gpt-image

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Restart ComfyUI. The new GPT node will be automatically loaded and available for use.

### Preview

Here’s a quick look at the GPT-API node inside ComfyUI:

**生成图片**

![生成图片](example/gpt-image.png)

**编辑图片**

![生成图片](example/gpt-image-mask.png)

### Usage

After restarting ComfyUI:

- Locate the GPT-API node in the node list.
- Configure your `api_base`, `auth_token`, and `model` parameters as needed.
- Use the **GPT Prompt Chat** node to turn ideas into rich prompts.
- Connect it to your workflow and start generating content with GPT!
- To quickly build a workflow from a short description, search for the
  **Prompt To Workflow** node. Provide a textual prompt (e.g. "Generate a fantasy
  portrait + depth upscaling + inpainting") and the node will request the OpenAI
  API to create a compatible graph.

In `v1.2.0`, support configure `api_base`, `auth_token` in the comfyui settings, as shown below:

![alt text](./example/comfyui-settings.png)

> The configuration in the workflow node is used first. If it is empty, the ComfiyUI configuration is used.

| Parameter   | Description                                           |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| api_base    | Base URL of your GPT API endpoint.                   |
| auth_token  | Authentication token for secured API access.         |
| model       | Model name to be used (e.g., `gpt-image-1`, `gpt-image-1-all`). |

### Troubleshooting

Node not showing up?
Make sure you installed all dependencies and restarted ComfyUI.

### API errors?

Double-check your api_base, auth_token, and model values.

### License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

### Acknowledgements

[ComfyUI](https://www.comfy.org/zh-cn/) - Powerful node-based UI for generative AI.

Thanks to the ComfyUI community for inspiration and support!

Commit message:

feat: add general text generation node

README.md, after:

## comfyui-gpt-image

`comfyui-gpt-image` ports the official ComfyUI GPT-API node, adding support for customizable `api_base`, `auth_token`, and `model` settings.

### Features
- 🎸 Support config auth_token, base_url in ComfyUI Settings(^1.2.0),
- 🎸 Configure custom API endpoints (`api_base`)
- 🎸 Support for authentication tokens (`auth_token`)
- 🎸 Easily specify different GPT models (`model`)
- 🎸 Seamless integration with ComfyUI
- ✨ Includes a prompt-driven wizard node that generates complete ComfyUI
  workflows using the OpenAI API
- 💬 New chat-based prompt generator node for crafting detailed prompts
  before sending them to GPT Image
- 🔤 General purpose text generation node for summaries or story ideas
  (`GPT Text Generate`)

### Requirements

- Python 3.10+
- ComfyUI (latest version recommended)

### Installation

Clone the repository into ComfyUI's custom_nodes directory:

```bash
cd ComfyUI/custom_nodes

git clone https://github.com/lceric/comfyui-gpt-image
```

Install the required Python dependencies:

```bash
cd comfyui-gpt-image

pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Restart ComfyUI. The new GPT node will be automatically loaded and available for use.

### Preview

Here’s a quick look at the GPT-API node inside ComfyUI:

**生成图片**

![生成图片](example/gpt-image.png)

**编辑图片**

![生成图片](example/gpt-image-mask.png)

### Usage

After restarting ComfyUI:

- Locate the GPT-API node in the node list.
- Configure your `api_base`, `auth_token`, and `model` parameters as needed.
- Use the **GPT Prompt Chat** node to turn ideas into rich prompts.
- Generate stories or summaries with **GPT Text Generate**.
- Connect it to your workflow and start generating content with GPT!
- To quickly build a workflow from a short description, search for the
  **Prompt To Workflow** node. Provide a textual prompt (e.g. "Generate a fantasy
  portrait + depth upscaling + inpainting") and the node will request the OpenAI
  API to create a compatible graph.

In `v1.2.0`, support configure `api_base`, `auth_token` in the comfyui settings, as shown below:

![alt text](./example/comfyui-settings.png)

> The configuration in the workflow node is used first. If it is empty, the ComfiyUI configuration is used.

| Parameter   | Description                                           |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| api_base    | Base URL of your GPT API endpoint.                   |
| auth_token  | Authentication token for secured API access.         |
| model       | Model name to be used (e.g., `gpt-image-1`, `gpt-image-1-all`). |

### Potential Additions

These nodes demonstrate integration with the OpenAI API. More ideas for future
custom nodes include:

- Image variations or negative prompt generation
- Translation and summarization utilities
- Enhanced workflow creation with step-by-step instructions
- Metadata or caption generation for media

### Troubleshooting

Node not showing up?
Make sure you installed all dependencies and restarted ComfyUI.

### API errors?

Double-check your api_base, auth_token, and model values.

### License

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

### Acknowledgements

[ComfyUI](https://www.comfy.org/zh-cn/) - Powerful node-based UI for generative AI.

Thanks to the ComfyUI community for inspiration and support!
